[No QA] update API.md with more general rules (#9536)
Expensify/App: docs/API.md

- There should be no client-side handling that is unique to any API call.
- Data is pushed to the client and put straight into Onyx by low-level libraries.
- Clients should be kept up-to-date with many small incremental changes to data.

> - Creating data needs to be optimistic on every connection (offline, slow 3G, etc), eg. `RequestMoney` or `SplitBill` should work without waiting for a server response.

Reviewer: `When possible, creating data should be optimistic on every connection (offline, slow 3G, etc)...`?

Just saying because in some rare cases we don't do optimistic :P

Author: Oh what are those cases that we don't do optimistic when creating data? I think most of the cases will be optimistic with the client-generated ID. Also, I'm not sure about using the wording `When possible`, because that will open the possibility of not doing it when we should do it 😄

> - For new objects created from the client (reports, reportActions, policies) we're going to generate a random string ID immediately on the client, rather than needing to wait for the server to give us an ID for the created object.

Author: https://expensify.slack.com/archives/C02HWMSMZEC/p1655438492403349?thread_ts=1654882263.720009&cid=C02HWMSMZEC

Reviewer 2: You can also add:

> This client-generated ID will become the primary key for that record in the database. This will provide more offline functionality than was previously possible.

Just so it's clear what happens with the ID.

Author: Cool, added as a sub-bullet point

> - Every new command added should be done right the first time (following the correct pattern and not worrying about unblocking a newsletter initiative quickly).

Author: https://expensify.slack.com/archives/C02HWMSMZEC/p1655484025907299?thread_ts=1655245003.452099&cid=C02HWMSMZEC

Reviewer 2: This point seems a little pointless to me. I think every PR, no matter what, should be done right the first time. There is no PR that shouldn't be done right the first time. I suggest removing this point.

- There should be no client-side handling that is unique to any API call.
- Data is pushed to the client and put straight into Onyx by low-level libraries.
- Clients should be kept up-to-date with many small incremental changes to data.

> - Creating data needs to be flawlessly fast on every connection (offline, slow 3G, etc).

Author: https://expensify.slack.com/archives/C02HWMSMZEC/p1655240108188069?thread_ts=1654882263.720009&cid=C02HWMSMZEC

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Remove the word "flawlessly". I like the sentiment, but I think it's an unrealistic expectation.

Author: @aldo-expensify yeah, good point, I rephrased this point and added an example, thanks!

- Nouns can be optional eg. `SignIn`
- Verbs should be unique and indicate the user's action (as perceived by the user). eg. `Request`, `Open`, `Accept`, `Pay`
  - If a unique verb cannot be used, then use only the standard verbs: `Update`, `Add`, `Delete`
  - Use Create/Delete to create or destroy the only copy of data

>   - Use Add/Remove when we're just dealing with the copy of data

Author: https://expensify.slack.com/archives/C01GTK53T8Q/p1654907405646139?thread_ts=1654818223.670209&cid=C01GTK53T8Q

- Verbs should be unique and indicate the user's action (as perceived by the user). eg. `Request`, `Open`, `Accept`, `Pay`
  - If a unique verb cannot be used, then use only the standard verbs: `Update`, `Add`, `Delete`
  - Use Create/Delete to create or destroy the only copy of data
  - Use Add/Remove when we're just dealing with the copy of data
- Names must NOT include names of parameters eg. Bad: `SignInWithPasswordOr2FA` Good: `SignIn`
- Names must NOT the word Page or View, eg. Bad: `OpenReportPage` Good: `OpenReport`
- Names must NOT reveal backend implementation details that the user does not know about eg. `AddVBBA` (users don't know what a VBBA is - verified business bank account) Good: `AddBankAccount`
- For deep links like `StartAppWhileSignedInAndOpenWorkspace`, create separate commands for each specific scenario like `StartAppWhileSignedIn` and `OpenWorkspace`, where both requests will be triggered in parallel.

## FAQ
Q: How should error messages be persisted to Onyx?
A:- The API layer Pusher onyxData should set specific error messages.
  - In cases where the API does not set an error, a generic error message can be set in the API.write onyxData `failureData` block.

>   - Previous errors should be cleared by local onyxData when a new request is made

Author: https://expensify.slack.com/archives/C02HWMSMZEC/p1654882317724299

Author: Oh that's right, I'm going to replace the FAQ formatting with another heading level (using ###)

Q: How should we remove local data from the store if the data no longer exist in the server? eg. local policy data for policies the user is no longer a member of.

> A: Use Onyx.set(key, null) for each data (eg. policy) not found in the server.

Author: number 1 in https://expensify.slack.com/archives/C02HWMSMZEC/p1655218680012429

- Verbs should be unique and indicate the user's action (as perceived by the user). eg. `Request`, `Open`, `Accept`, `Pay`
  - If a unique verb cannot be used, then use only the standard verbs: `Update`, `Add`, `Delete`
  - Use Create/Delete to create or destroy the only copy of data
  - Use Add/Remove when we're just dealing with the copy of data
- Names must NOT include names of parameters eg. Bad: `SignInWithPasswordOr2FA` Good: `SignIn`
- Names must NOT the word Page or View, eg. Bad: `OpenReportPage` Good: `OpenReport`
- Names must NOT reveal backend implementation details that the user does not know about eg. `AddVBBA` (users don't know what a VBBA is - verified business bank account) Good: `AddBankAccount`
- For deep links like `StartAppWhileSignedInAndOpenWorkspace`, create separate commands for each specific scenario like `StartAppWhileSignedIn` and `OpenWorkspace`, where both requests will be triggered in parallel.

## FAQ
Q: How should error messages be persisted to Onyx?
A:- The API layer Pusher onyxData should set specific error messages.
  - In cases where the API does not set an error, a generic error message can be set in the API.write onyxData `failureData` block.

>   - Previous errors should be cleared by local onyxData when a new request is made

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Previous errors should be cleared in the `optimisticData` when a new request is made
```

> Q: How should we remove local data from the store if the data no longer exist in the server? eg. local policy data for policies the user is no longer a member of.

Author: Updated with another heading level (###) to keep a uniform format

> A: Use Onyx.set(key, null) for each data (eg. policy) not found in the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A: Use `Onyx.set(key, null)` for each data (eg. policy) not found in the server.
```

- Verbs should be unique and indicate the user's action (as perceived by the user). eg. `Request`, `Open`, `Accept`, `Pay`
  - If a unique verb cannot be used, then use only the standard verbs: `Update`, `Add`, `Delete`
- Names must NOT include names of parameters eg. Bad: `SignInWithPasswordOr2FA` Good: `SignIn`

> - Names must NOT the word Page or View, eg. Bad: `OpenReportPage` Good: `OpenReport`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Names must NOT include the word Page or View, eg. Bad: `OpenReportPage` Good: `OpenReport`
```

Author: Good catch Amy, thanks!

- Names must NOT reveal backend implementation details that the user does not know about eg. `AddVBBA` (users don't know what a VBBA is - verified business bank account) Good: `AddBankAccount`
- For deep links like `StartAppWhileSignedInAndOpenWorkspace`, create separate commands for each specific scenario like `StartAppWhileSignedIn` and `OpenWorkspace`, where both requests will be triggered in parallel.

## FAQ

### How should error messages be persisted to Onyx?

- The API layer Pusher onyxData should set specific error messages.
- In cases where the API does not set an error, a generic error message can be set in the API.write onyxData `failureData` block.

> - Previous errors should be cleared in the `optimisticData` when a new request is made

Reviewer: Maybe it would be a bit more consistent to say in API.write's `onyxData.failureData` and `onyxData.optimisticData`?

Since I'm not very familiarized I had to look in the docs that `optimisticData` was part of a parameter called `onyxData` we pass to `API.write`

Is there going to be a section at some point describing `API.write` and the parameter  like `onyxData`? or is that part of some other `.md` file?

### How should we remove local data from the store if the data no longer exist in the server? eg. local policy data for policies the user is no longer a member of.

> Use `Onyx.set(key, null)` for each data (eg. policy) not found in the server.

Reviewer: Just curious, is this equivalent to `Onyx.merge(key, null)`?

Reviewer 2: `Onyx.merge(key, null)` doesn't do anything. It is basically like saying "merge nothing into key", which wouldn't do anything.
